# Mentify
 Hello everyone, so we are here to talk about the topic which is ignored by 80% of the people worldwide and that topic is mental health. So why is it that we choose to ignore this considering that we see that a lot of people around us are very stressed, frustrated, etc.? So many people don't know that this is starting cause of mental illness. According to statistics which we have studied the burden of mental health problems among the Indian youth is high and about 7% of Indians suffer from depression but this figure looks too small, right? Yes, this figure looks very small right now but if we calculate it then roughly 70,899,650 people in India suffer, and now you will be shocked that behind that small percentage is a very big number. So, what is leading such a large number of individuals to suffer? The reason behind it is that people don’t know what mental stress is and they just ignore it by saying “Apney App theek Ho Jayega”. This is the cause of such alarming numbers. So we have given you a short Explanation that why we choose this topic So here we are with a solution.

Team Mingw_86 presents Mentify the one-stop for all of your mental health needs. So, to begin, we solve this problem on our landing page we have motivation quotes and we are providing benefits of mental exercises meditation, etc so that if any person lands on our website he gets motivated and has a positive vibe about our product so that the person can go ahead comfortably and explore more features like what are the signs and symptoms of the mental illness, etc.

However, producing a product that provides information about mental health is not a proper answer to this real-world problem, because the individual is unaware of his or her mental state at the moment. So we addressed this issue, with the help of our AI-driven chatbot, which will conduct a 10-minute survey in which they will be asked questions about how they feel when certain situations arise in their lives, as well as questions about their mood. So our chatbot will provide them a range about what is there current health situation. And basis on that result the person will get to know the solution for their problem but if the range is in the red zone then giving them a template of things which they have to do will not be sufficient right?

So we also cover that in our inbuilt one-to-one live interaction in which the person has to book an appointment which will be free for first use. There are counselor panels on our website where the counselors can see all the appointments so according to that the person and counselor can interact with each other and this is purely made by us not using any third-party model.

There will be a section for offline therapy, a book store, a quotes zone, and a daily task section where people can prepare and maintain their physical and mental health. However, some people are afraid of disclosing their personal mental health problems because doing so would imply that they are unable to cope with stress, which would demotivate them. As a result, we have created a friendly community section where your identity will remain anonymous, allowing you to freely share your problem.

And if a person is fully fine then there is a section where people may make friends and discuss their opinions with one another, allowing people to become more open to the community and voice their thoughts openly in a physical setting.
